README.md, before:

# XbimWindowsUI

Build Status (master branch): [ ![Build Status](http://xbimbuilds.cloudapp.net/app/rest/builds/buildType:(id:Xbim_XbimWindowsUi_XbimWindowsUi),branch:(name:master)/statusIcon "Build Status") ](http://xbimbuilds.cloudapp.net/project.html?projectId=Xbim_XbimWindowsUi&tab=projectOverview "Build Status")

Build Status (develop branch): [ ![Build Status](http://xbimbuilds.cloudapp.net/app/rest/builds/buildType:(id:Xbim_XbimWindowsUi_XbimWindowsUi),branch:(name:develop)/statusIcon "Build Status") ](http://xbimbuilds.cloudapp.net/project.html?projectId=Xbim_XbimWindowsUi&tab=projectOverview "Build Status")

## Compilation
The toolkit uses the Nuget technology for the management of several packages.
We have custom nuget feeds for the master and develop branches of the solution.
Nuget can download all the required dependencies for you if you have the correct package source configuration.

if you use Visual Studio 2015+ add the following package sources:
https://www.myget.org/F/xbim-develop/api/v3/index.json
https://www.myget.org/F/xbim-master/api/v3/index.json

if you use Visual Studio 2012+ add the following package sources:
https://www.myget.org/F/xbim-develop/api/v2
https://www.myget.org/F/xbim-master/api/v2

the resulting configuration pages looks like this in VS2015:
![example of VS2015 configuration](ReadmeResources/NugetCongfigurationVS2015.png)

## Solution Content
Xbim.Presentation is the home of the XbimXplorer application and of a number of WPF components for your desktop BIM applications.

![XbimXplorer UI](ReadmeResources/XbimXplorerUI.png)

## Acknowledgements
The XbimTeam wishes to thank [JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/) for supporting the XbimToolkit project with free open source [Resharper](https://www.jetbrains.com/resharper/) licenses.

![ReSharper Logo](ReadmeResources/icon_ReSharper.png)

Commit message:

Tidy up and update readme Added nuget.config to default myget feeds

README.md, after:


Branch | Status
------ | -------
Master | [ ![Build Status](http://xbimbuilds.cloudapp.net/app/rest/builds/buildType:(id:Xbim_XbimWindowsUi_XbimWindowsUi),branch:(name:master)/statusIcon "Build Status") ](http://xbimbuilds.cloudapp.net/project.html?projectId=Xbim_XbimWindowsUi&tab=projectOverview "Build Status")
Develop | [ ![Build Status](http://xbimbuilds.cloudapp.net/app/rest/builds/buildType:(id:Xbim_XbimWindowsUi_XbimWindowsUi),branch:(name:develop)/statusIcon "Build Status") ](http://xbimbuilds.cloudapp.net/project.html?projectId=Xbim_XbimWindowsUi&tab=projectOverview "Build Status")

# XbimWindowsUI

XbimWindowsUI is part of the [Xbim Toolkit](https://github.com/xBimTeam/XbimEssentials).
It contains libraries and applications that you can use to build applications on Windows desktops. 

This is the home of the XbimXplorer application [XBIM Xplorer](http://docs.xbim.net/downloads/xbimxplorer.html)
which you can use for reference to see how the XBIM technology can be used in a Windows desktop environment.

![XbimXplorer UI](ReadmeResources/XbimXplorerUI.png)

This repo also contains the source for *Xbim.Presentation*, which is re-usable set of WPF and Windows Forms components 
that make up XbimXplorer. You can include this package in your own applications, to make use of the XBIM toolkit.

## Compilation

**Visual Studio 2017 is recommended.**
Prior versions of Visual Studio may work, but we'd recomments 2017 where possible.
The [free VS 2017 Community Edition](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) will be fine. 
All projects target .NET Framework 4.7

The XBIM toolkit uses the NuGet technology for the management of several packages.
We have custom NuGet feeds for the *master* and *develop* branches of the solution, and use
Myget for CI builds. The [nuget.config](nuget.config) file should automatically add these feeds for you


## Acknowledgements
The XbimTeam wishes to thank [JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/) for supporting the XbimToolkit project 
with free open source [Resharper](https://www.jetbrains.com/resharper/) licenses.

![ReSharper Logo](ReadmeResources/icon_ReSharper.png)
